[Music]
eight hairstyling tricks that'll make
you look younger we all know that a
hairstyle is a crucial part of any look
but did you know that it can also take a
few years off your age all you have to
do is follow a couple of easy steps and
it won't be long until you start
enjoying your brand new transformation
before you find out about these life
saving tips make sure you hit subscribe
and ring this notification bell to never
miss a thing on the bright side of life
but back to your hair style if you want
to look younger there are a couple of
factors you have to take into
consideration starting with number one
your haircut options when it comes to an
effortlessly youthful look the best
haircut choices are always layered hair
styles face and neck framing feather
cuts ragged style locks or step cuts
these options complement the face
perfectly and are not that hard to
maintain if you're in doubt ask your
hairdresser which one of these styles
would look best on you but don't rush
into it unfortunately a bad haircut
choice isn't something you can take back
so think through it before going into
action number two your hair color
even though brunettes look incredibly
elegant and attractive the best color to
jazz up your look is actually blonde
light colored hair will instantly create
the rejuvenating effect you're looking
for however there are some pitfalls here
to finding the right tone and shade
specialists usually recommend going no
more than two or three tones lighter
than your natural hair color and
choosing the final option based on the
color of your eyes and skin if you're
not really into a complete makeover and
are pretty happy with the shade you have
now you can experiment slightly and try
lightening only a few selected strands
this will give your skin additional
radiance and adds dynamics to your range
which always freshens up a look
[Music]
number three the length of your hair
what do you associate long hair would
probably things like grace
sophistication and beauty and what about
short hair I bet the first words that
came to your mind were youth energy and
independence and that's exactly why
specialist suggests that the older you
get the shorter your haircut should
become still a dull go too crazy with it
ultra short hairstyles tend to emphasize
the oval shape of your face which
inevitably becomes less defined with
aged hairstyles with lengths from chin
to mid neck level will do a way better
job of accentuating your natural beauty
number four the volume of your hair most
of us tend to go for hairstyles with a
great deal of volume and that's actually
the right approach the truth is no
matter how fabulous slicked hair looks
this hairstyle always makes you appear
older but just like with anything else
you should always keep to the golden
middle as way too much volume only adds
a few unwanted years to your image if
your hair is naturally straight curling
it can be a pretty good idea as long as
you use large rollers or other
accessories to make your curls bigger
tiny curls can add vibrancy to your look
but this only works if you're under 25
to 30 years old whatever method you pick
make sure your hair looks natural after
styling you can also achieve this vibe
by wearing layered haircuts or curled
strands and applying a moderate amount
of hairspray number 5 the parting of
your hair
[Music]
something as simple as a parting can
improve or destroy your look usually
wearing a center parting adds strictness
to your image and therefore makes you
look older if you're a fan of a center
parting maybe it's time to try something
new
perhaps parting your locks to one side
this trick will make your eyes look a
bit larger and more expressive or you
can go for styling your hair in a zigzag
fashion to soften your image and add
volume don't be afraid to experiment and
have fun finding your unique style
[Music]
number 6 adding a fringe aka bangs a
fringe hairstyle has tons of lovers and
haters but one thing is certain
it can really be rejuvenating to your
image it will hide all the wrinkles on
your forehead and bring out your
beautiful eyes if you decide to go with
it the optimal solution is structured
medium thickness strands as wearing your
fringe too thick and straight can
overload your image and make your face
look visibly shorter and chubbier the
famous celebrity hairstylist Frederic
Wayne advises clients to continue adding
long bangs to their look they're perfect
for masking the aging process and
softening the natural facial features
however according to Maine it's better
to add layers to create appropriate
movement and texture in your hair so
just like your haircut
take your time when looking through all
the options think carefully and decide
how you want your final transformation
to look
number seven your everyday styling the
most popular day-to-day hairdos are
straight hair and excessively tight
ponytails or buns all three of these
options do more harm than good to your
image still if you're a huge fan of
ponytails refresh your look by leaving a
few loose strands at the sides of your
face and be sure not to tighten the rest
of your curls too much for all the loose
hair lovers it's better to change it up
by creating the impression of careless
ease and curling your locks a little and
if you enjoy your hair straight consider
adding a small touch of creative chaos
to the styling by using asymmetrical
haircuts combined with a few accentuated
waxed rugged-looking locks stay away
from hair styling accessories of low
quality like garish plastic combs
children's hair clips or velvet bands
because they'll only emphasize your real
age following all these tricks will open
up your face and enhance your fashion
look just don't forget to take it easy
with the styling products the overactive
use of them will inevitably make you
look older number eight your evening
hairdos when you prepare to go out for
the evening say no to back combing
perfectly fixed strands raised hairdos
and retro type styling even if the event
you're going to a super fancy your
hairdo should still look natural and
effortless
adding a few playful touches like braids
to your final look can help you capture
everyone's attention and remember the
golden rule of applying just enough hair
styling products this rule concerns
evening hairdos just as much as everyday
styles but these hair styling tricks
aren't all you can do to make your hair
look better taking care of your locs
almost as much as you take care of your
skin is one of the most important parts
of looking younger Paul Labrecque
a celebrity stylist recommends his
clients always finish washing their hair
with a cold rinse this little hack helps
to lock in the conditioner and therefore
make your hair shine speaking of
conditioners he also suggests deeply
conditioning the hair to avoid any
possible breakage dryness or loss of
elasticity
moreover regular deep conditioning
treatments can even help with graying
hair
so we have a really super hair remedy
here dr. Alan Bauman a board-certified
hair restoration physician says that
your daily menu also affects the
condition of your hair thankfully there
are a couple of superfoods that are
known to nourish your hair and give it a
brand-new healthy glowy look among these
magic helpers are salmon which is loaded
with protein and omega-3 fatty acids
dark green vegetables which contain an
impressive amount of vitamins A and C
nuts a perfect source of zinc and many
other tasty goodies dr. Bauman suggests
that incorporating more protein into
your diet can help your hair as well you
can find this powerful macronutrient in
eggs chicken breasts oats broccoli and
tuna so the ultimate secret is simple
don't be lazy and give your hair the
love it deserves to keep it looking
flawless at any age do you know any
other cool tricks to look younger tell
us in the comment section below don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side
[Music]